Title: Beef Satay
Source: Cooks Illustrated

---
Ingredients
---
1/2 cup smooth peanut butter
1/4 cup hot water
1 tablespoon soy sauce
2 tablespoons lime juice from 1 lime
2 tablespoons Asian chili sauce
1 tablespoon dark brown sugar
1 clove garlic; minced or pressed through a garlic press (about 1 teaspoon)
1 tablespoon chopped fresh cilantro leaves
2 scallions white and green parts; sliced thin
1 1/2 pounds flank steak
1/4 cup soy sauce
1/4 cup vegetable oil
2 tablespoons Asian chili sauce; or more to taste
1/4 cup packed dark brown sugar
1/4 cup minced fresh cilantro leaves
2 cloves garlic; minced or pressed through a garlic press (about 2 teaspoons)
4 scallions; white & green parts, sliced thin
1 recipe Spicy Peanut Sauce

---
Instructions
---

FOR SPICY PEANUT DIPPING SAUCE: Whisk the peanut butter and hot water
together in a medium bowl. Stir in remaining ingredients. Transfer to
a small serving bowl, and put aside to use after the beef has been
placed on the skewers.
Cut the flank steak in half lengthwise and freeze it for 30 minutes.
Combine the soy sauce, oil, chili sauce, brown sugar, cilantro,
garlic, and scallions in a measuring cup; set aside. Remove the flank
steak from the freezer and slice each piece across the grain into 1/4
-inch-thick strips. Weave the meat onto individual bamboo skewers.
Dunk the meat end of each skewer in the marinade to coat; lay the
skewers in a shallow dish, propping up the exposed ends of the skewers
to keep them clean. Pour the remaining marinade over the meat.
Refrigerate for exactly 1 hour.
Adjust an oven rack to the top position and heat the broiler. Lay the
skewers on a wire rack set over a rimmed baking sheet and cover the
skewer ends with foil. Broil for 6 to 7 minutes, flipping the skewers
over halfway through, until the meat is browned. Serve immediately
with the peanut sauce.


---
Notes
---

Meat that is partially frozen is easier to slice into thin strips.
Asian chili sauce is available in most supermarkets under the name
Sriracha. A chili-garlic sauce, known as sambal, could also be used;
however, it is much spicier. Use 6-inch-long skewers for this recipe;
you'll need about 24.

